1. Node labels + taints (Futureproofing workload placement)
Even though you’re hybrid for now, labeling nodes will help if you:

Add GPU nodes for AI

Segregate heavy DB/compute from API/light workloads

bash
Copy
Edit
kubectl label node node-1 workload=db
kubectl label node node-2 workload=api
2. Horizontal Pod Autoscaling (HPA) for FastAPI / Supabase
You already have metrics server, so it’s just:

yaml
Copy
Edit
apiVersion: autoscaling/v2
kind: HorizontalPodAutoscaler
Based on CPU/memory usage or even custom latency metrics

3. Backups + Disaster Recovery Plan
You mentioned a script in place—awesome.

Consider adding:

MinIO or self-hosted S3 for offsite backups

Scheduled Velero snapshots (if you want cluster-wide DR)

🧠 Strategic Mid-Term Considerations (1000–5000 users)
1. Replace local-path-provisioner
It’s fine for now, but:

Local path can’t dynamically reschedule pods if a node dies.

For HA storage at scale, consider:

Longhorn (lightweight, native to Rancher)

OpenEBS ZFS (if you want insane reliability)

2. AI Inference Tiering
If you eventually offload LangGraph or inference-heavy workloads to separate nodes or GPUs, you’ll want:

nodeSelector or affinity rules

Taints to prevent non-AI pods from scheduling on those

3. Zero-downtime Upgrades
You’ve got HA—awesome.

Now add:

Rolling updates for FastAPI/Supabase

Readiness/Liveness probes on all services

Maintenance scripts to drain nodes + replace with zero impact

4. Add a Bastion/Jump Pod for Admin
For SSHing, backups, DB access, and testing

bash
Copy
Edit
kubectl run admin-bastion --image=debian -it -- bash
This avoids exposing sensitive infra outside your cluster.

🧠 Bonus: Future-Proofing Questions to Ask
When do I decouple Postgres reads via read-replicas?

Answer: ~2,000 users or when query latency > 50ms consistently

Should I layer Redis for caching?

If Supabase/FastAPI shows frequent auth or object fetches, yes

Can I safely scale this to 10,000 users with current patterns?

Yes, if you offload AI workloads and keep DB tuned

Do I need GPU autoscaling eventually?

If you're running real-time AI on-call/chat—absolutely

